[WIP] Hydra Configuration PL (#1)
anthonytec2/pytorch-lightning: pl_examples/hydra_examples/README.md

## Hydra Pytorch Lightning Example

This directory consists of an example of configuring Pytorch Lightning with (Hydra)[https://hydra.cc/]. Hydra is a tool that allows for the easy configuration of complex applications. 

### Tensorboard Visualization

> Hydra by default changes the running directory of your program when running into outputs/[YEAR]/[TIME]. Hence, all data with a relative path is submitted into this directory. Therefore to visualize all your tensorboard runs one should run the command: `tensorboard --logdir outputs`. This will then allow you to compare your results across runs. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hydra by default changes the running directory of your program when running into outputs/[YEAR]/[TIME]. Hence, all data with a relative path is submitted into this directory. Therefore to visualize all your tensorboard runs one should run the command: `tensorboard --logdir outputs`. This will then allow you to compare your results across runs.
You can [customize](https://hydra.cc/docs/configure_hydra/workdir) your Hydra working directory.
```

## Hydra Pytorch Lightning Example

This directory consists of an example of configuring Pytorch Lightning with (Hydra)[https://hydra.cc/]. Hydra is a tool that allows for the easy configuration of complex applications. 

### Tensorboard Visualization

> Hydra by default changes the running directory of your program when running into outputs/[YEAR]/[TIME]. Hence, all data with a relative path is submitted into this directory. Therefore to visualize all your tensorboard runs one should run the command: `tensorboard --logdir outputs`. This will then allow you to compare your results across runs.   

Reviewer: Is it not 
```suggestion
Hydra by default changes the running directory of your program when running into outputs/[DATE]/[TIME]. Hence, all data with a relative path is submitted into this directory. Therefore to visualize all your tensorboard runs one should run the command: `tensorboard --logdir outputs`. This will then allow you to compare your results across runs.   
```

Also, try multirun too.
It adds another level.
```
$ python examples/tutorials/basic/your_first_hydra_app/5_defaults/my_app.py  db=mysql,postgresql -m
[2020-06-23 17:13:33,470][HYDRA] Launching 2 jobs locally
[2020-06-23 17:13:33,470][HYDRA]        #0 : db=mysql
db:
  driver: mysql
  user: omry
  pass: secret

[2020-06-23 17:13:33,568][HYDRA]        #1 : db=postgresql
db:
  driver: postgresql
  user: postgre_user
  pass: drowssap
  timeout: 10

omry@Coronadev:~/dev/hydra(init_api_changes)$ tree multirun/
multirun/
└── 2020-06-23
    └── 17-13-33
        ├── 0
        │   └── my_app.log
        ├── 1
        │   └── my_app.log
        └── multirun.yaml

```

Author: This is really cool, I never even knew you could do this with Hydra! I tried it out and yes, multirun works with tensorboard.
`tensorboard --logdir multirun/`

## Hydra Pytorch Lightning Example

This directory consists of an example of configuring Pytorch Lightning with [Hydra](https://hydra.cc/). Hydra is a tool that allows for the easy configuration of complex applications.   

> The core of this directory consists of a set of structured configs used for pytorch lightining, which are stored under the pl group. Within the PL group there are 5 cofigurations: 1) Trainer Configuration, 2) Profiler Configuration, 3) Early Stopping Configuration, 4) Logger Configuration and 5) Checkpoint Configuration. All of these are basically mirrors of the arguments that make up these objects. These configuration are used to instantiate the objects using Hydras instantiation utility.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The core of this directory consists of a set of structured configs used for PyTorch Lightning, which are stored under the pl group. Within the PL group there are 5 configurations: 1) Trainer Configuration, 2) Profiler Configuration, 3) Early Stopping Configuration, 4) Logger Configuration and 5) Checkpoint Configuration. All of these are basically mirrors of the arguments that make up these objects. These configuration are used to instantiate the objects using Hydras instantiation utility.  
```

> Aside from the pytorch lightining configuration we have included a few other important configurations. Optimizer and Scheduler are easy off the shelp configuration for configuring your optimizer and learning rate scheduler. You can import these as needed into your project and use them to configure these objects. Additionally, we provide the arch and data configurations for changing model and data hyperparameters. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Aside from the PyTorch Lightning configuration we have included a few other important configurations. Optimizer and Scheduler are easy off-the-shelf configurations for configuring your optimizer and learning rate scheduler. You can add them to your config defaults list as needed and use them to configure these objects. Additionally, we provide the arch and data configurations for changing model and data hyperparameters. 
```

> All of the above hyperparameters are configured in the config.yaml file which contains the top level configuration for all these configurations. Under this file is a defaults list which highlights for each of these Hydra groups what is the default configuration.  Beyond this configuration file, all of the parameters defined can be overriden via the command line. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Everything above is configured via the example application's config.yaml file which contains controls the composed configuration object. Under this file is a defaults list which highlights for each of these Hydra groups what is the default choice for each of the configuration groups. Everything in the resulting configuration object can be overridden via the command line.
```

### Tensorboard Visualization

Hydra by default changes the running directory of your program when running into outputs/[DATE]/[TIME]. Hence, all data with a relative path is submitted into this directory. Therefore to visualize all your tensorboard runs one should run the command: `tensorboard --logdir outputs`. This will then allow you to compare your results across runs.  
You can also [customize](https://hydra.cc/docs/configure_hydra/workdir) your Hydra working directory.

### Multi Run

> One nice feature about Hydra in [multi-run](https://hydra.cc/docs/next/tutorials/basic/running_your_app/multi-run/). This can enable you to run multiple versions of your code under different parameters. A new directory will be created called multirun with the results of these various parameters. You can visualize from tensorboard these results by running: `tensorboard --logdir multirun`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One nice feature about Hydra in [multi-run](https://hydra.cc/docs/next/tutorials/basic/running_your_app/multi-run/). This can enable you to run your application multiple times with different configurations. A new directory will be created called multirun with the results of these various parameters. You can visualize from tensorboard these results by running: `tensorboard --logdir multirun`.
```
